good friends today I'm going to talk about plans
this show he serves to be has animations
the format that double vp
we will not see the adobe flash program first
that professional stress
- click
good wake at the interface
of the good exodus
we can already see that we have a scene and it does not tell us here
the part where the layers go the layers
percent and masters that are
parts pose which suck invasion
by blind note here we have a barrier while
and we can also
we can
percent
see that we have the size of our commented
in the settings of the publication
and well do not stay here we have our
tabs
from ram winds
What I want to show you is how flash works
for example peek was a pleasure
a movie with an animation
well here this layer we put character
what are we going to do an animation sequence
this part are left here they are called forensic love
percent
frames
hugo movies
every 30 presented movement
from a movie
if what you want to do m for example
characters
I'm not going to do with the tool by use so they can see how it's done
first he drew it
and here I have come
let's extend the legs
and we are going to activate this option that is more they put squinkies ti
of onion
we push
and we copy
percent and we give it
create a turnip rein
very close blanc ford if frei insert blanck and frei
musk lic
and we can see that this is why we see here that canvases qin
here welfare in this part the frame does not exist anything is just not
being the reference
so we can move the valley natra min
animation is cooked if it works standing
I will not be a little more here
for David
perspective that is moving
good insert
m-clan
if they were
corrupt hool emol - lions quinn
so that it does not go correctly
the other time
here it seems that our centrals have legs
and is that in the future it is expected that for this process in front
of the set yes the anp figures in
Nestor animation
it looks like he's walking
in fact he is walking
we continue to complete the animation
I think I've gone a bit out of the sequence but
percent the joke of this is to show them
as it is a sequence animation
they can do it with interfaces
per hundred buttons
l
Really
It is a great tool
There are other tools but it is the truth that for the benefits
he takes it
by street all
we are going to play nastran animation to see how it is going
we click
if you can see now our invasion fiennes
its movement
if we wanted, add one more character
only
we would give
i who says
incer
we put for example a sun
we want
we want is to create our sun
let's insert our sun here
we are born with a tool
I do not want yellow
here I have my sun
good what I want is that my sun
think smile
when being answered by playing the animation
well let's create a layer
of smile
smile
and with lauros you
we make
this series the sun
yes we are very well
if they were
He tells me if he wants to laugh
another plan if they were
we want
more polo prolonged the smile
the eyes and we make ourselves
and then yes no
another plan if they were
and now the ones a sun god full risk
the eyes
so
we reproduce the animation
and there they have this animation in flash
I hope it has served